c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\bin\Debug\WpfBilKlient.exe.config
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\bin\Debug\WpfBilKlient.exe
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\bin\Debug\WpfBilKlient.pdb
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\WpfBilKlient_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\WpfBilKlient_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\WpfBilKlient.g.resources
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\WpfBilKlient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\WpfBilKlient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\WpfBilKlient.exe
c:\users\djakobss\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\WpfBilKlient.pdb
C:\Users\djakobss\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\djakobss\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\djakobss\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\djakobss\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\djakobss\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\WpfBilKlient.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\djakobss\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\djakobss\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\djakobss\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\WpfBilKlient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Per\Desktop\WPFProjekt\Basic security i bilapi\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\bin\Debug\WpfBilKlient.exe.config
C:\Users\Per\Desktop\WPFProjekt\Basic security i bilapi\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\WpfBilKlient.exe
C:\Users\Per\Desktop\WPFProjekt\Basic security i bilapi\WpfBilKlient\WpfBilKlient\obj\Debug\WpfBilKlient.pdb
